Add information for timestamp accuracy (#333)
iterate-ch/docs: mountainduck/issues/index.md

    browser.hidden.regex=\\..*

> **Timestamp Accuracy**<br/>

Reviewer: Change title to include `Robocopy`

Windows has a sub-second timestamp accuracy while protocols like SFTP has an accuracy of a second. This discrepancy causes problems while copying files. 

> - Reported for [Robocopy](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15145659/what-do-i-and-i-in-regex-mean):<br/>

Reviewer 2: This link doesn't refer to anything related to this part.

> Using the command `robocopy /MIR /FET` instead of `robocopy /MIR` fixes the behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the command `robocopy /MIR /FFT` instead of `robocopy /MIR` fixes the behavior.
```

    browser.hidden.regex=\\..*

**Robocopy Timestamp Accuracy**<br/>

> Windows has a sub-second timestamp accuracy while protocols like SFTP has an accuracy of a second. This discrepancy causes problems while copying files. 

Reviewer 2: Requested change by @dkocher:
```suggestion
Windows has a sub-second timestamp accuracy while protocols like SFTP has an accuracy of a second. This discrepancy causes unnecessary transfers when subsequent runs find non-matching timestamps on unchanged files.
```

Fix typo:
```suggestion
Windows has a sub-second timestamp accuracy while protocols like SFTP have an accuracy of a second. This discrepancy causes problems while copying files. 
```
